Add Oauth (#60)
plaid/pattern: server/README.md

For webhooks to work, the server must be publicly accessible on the internet. For development purposes, this application uses [ngrok][ngrok-readme] to accomplish that. Therefore, if the server is re-started, any items created in this sample app previous to the current session will have a different webhook address attached to it. As a result, webhooks are only valid during the session in which an item is created; for previously created items, no transactions webhooks will be received, and no webhook will be received from the call to sandboxItemResetLogin.

### Testing OAuth

> A redirect_uri parameter is included in the linkTokenCreate call and set in this sample app to `http://localhost:3000/OAuthLink`. This is the page that the user will be redirected to upon completion of the OAuth flow at their OAuth institution. When running in Production or Development, you will need to use an `https://` redirect URI, but a localhost http URI will work fine for Sandbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A redirect_uri parameter is included in the linkTokenCreate call and set in this sample app to `http://localhost:3000/oauth-link`. This is the page that the user will be redirected to upon completion of the OAuth flow at their OAuth institution. When running in Production or Development, you will need to use an `https://` redirect URI, but a localhost http URI will work for Sandbox.
```

> You will also need to configure this redirect_uri for your client ID through the [Plaid developer dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/team/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to configure `http://localhost:3000/oauth-link` as an allowed redirect URI for your client ID through the [Plaid developer dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/team/api).
```
